developer-guide: Add openssl requirements and remove mbedtls one (#948)
fluent/fluent-bit-docs: development/developer-guide.md

The external library you are mostly likely to interact with is [msgpack](https://github.com/msgpack/msgpack-c).

> For crypto, Fluent Bit uses system's OpenSSL. Please make sure to install openssl libraries and headers before building Fluent Bit.

Reviewer: Let's split lines and not shorten words.

```suggestion
For cryptographic support, Fluent Bit uses the system installed version of OpenSSL. 
Please make sure to install openssl libraries and headers before building Fluent Bit.
```
